Support duplicate merge key-value pairs in base generator (#11952) (#16080)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/applicationset/Generators-Merge.md

  values.redis: 'true'
```

## Merge Modes (Join types)
With the `uniq` merge modes (`left-join-uniq`, `inner-join-uniq`, `full-join-uniq`), all the parameter sets produced by any of the generators under a Merge generator, need to have unique values for the configured merge keys.

> However, this behaviour can be changed by using any of the merge modes that do not end with `-uniq`. This will allow more than one parameter sets of (only) the **base generator** to have the same values for the merge keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this behaviour can be changed by using any of the merge modes that do not end with `-uniq`. With this the parameters from a child generator that are used as a mergeKey do no longer have to be unique.
```

Maybe this is easier to undertand?

> However, this behaviour can be changed by using any of the merge modes that do not end with `-uniq`. This will allow more than one parameter sets of (only) the **base generator** to have the same values for the merge keys.

Reviewer 2: would it be helpful to provide the equivalent SQL to explain joins? It seems like the `-uniq` is kind of like using `DISTINCT`, but rather, instead of actually doing distinct, it just errors if there are merge keys that are identical.

> However, this behaviour can be changed by using any of the merge modes that do not end with `-uniq`. This will allow more than one parameter sets of (only) the **base generator** to have the same values for the merge keys.

Reviewer 3: We cannot expect users to be familiar with SQL. The documentation should be simple enough for a user not familiar with left/inner/full terminology to understand the behavior of these modes.

Something like
```
With the `uniq` merge modes (`left-join-uniq`, `inner-join-uniq`, `full-join-uniq`), all the parameter sets produced by any generators under a Merge generator need to have unique values for the configured merge keys. An error preventing the generation will be returned when duplicated keys are found.
```

However, I am still not sure what you are trying to explain with the last sentence of the second paragraph.

        # mode: left-join

        mergeKeys:
          - env
        generators:
          - list:
              elements:
                - env: staging
                  server: https://1.2.3.4
                - env: staging
                  server: https://1.3.5.7
                - env: production
                  server: https://2.4.6.8
          - list:
              elements:
                - env: staging
                  redis: 'false'
                - env: production
                  redis: 'true'
```
The above will result in an error since the parameter sets generated by the base generator are not unique by the merge keys. Both the staging clusters have the same value for the `env` merge key.

However, on uncommenting the `mode` field, it will result in the following parameter sets, thus allowing non-unique values for the merge keys:
```yaml
- env: staging
  server: https://1.2.3.4
  redis: 'false'
- env: staging
  server: https://1.3.5.7
  redis: 'false'
- env: production
  server: https://2.4.6.8
  redis: 'true'
```
The same behaviour can be obtained with any of the non-uniq merge modes (`left-join`, `inner-join`, `full-join`)

> The types of join hold the same meanings as their equivalent SQL joins.

Reviewer 2: ya, what's the point of the `-uniq` variants? In this example, if `server` was added to the `mergeKeys` list, would `left-join-uniq` work?
